c:\users\tino\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ErasmusTVZ\ErasmusTVZ\Bin\Debug\Assets\ApplicationIcon.png
c:\users\tino\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ErasmusTVZ\ErasmusTVZ\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileLarge.png
c:\users\tino\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ErasmusTVZ\ErasmusTVZ\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileMedium.png
c:\users\tino\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ErasmusTVZ\ErasmusTVZ\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileSmall.png
c:\users\tino\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ErasmusTVZ\ErasmusTVZ\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileMediumLarge.png
c:\users\tino\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ErasmusTVZ\ErasmusTVZ\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileSmall.png
c:\users\tino\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ErasmusTVZ\ErasmusTVZ\Bin\Debug\ErasmusTVZ.dll
c:\users\tino\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ErasmusTVZ\ErasmusTVZ\Bin\Debug\ErasmusTVZ.pdb
c:\users\tino\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ErasmusTVZ\ErasmusTVZ\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
c:\users\tino\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ErasmusTVZ\ErasmusTVZ\Bin\Debug\Properties\WMAppManifest.xml
c:\users\tino\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ErasmusTVZ\ErasmusTVZ\Bin\Debug\ErasmusTVZ_Debug_AnyCPU.xap
c:\users\tino\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ErasmusTVZ\ErasmusTVZ\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\tino\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ErasmusTVZ\ErasmusTVZ\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
c:\users\tino\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ErasmusTVZ\ErasmusTVZ\obj\Debug\ErasmusTVZ.g.resources
c:\users\tino\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ErasmusTVZ\ErasmusTVZ\obj\Debug\ErasmusTVZ.Resources.AppResources.resources
c:\users\tino\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ErasmusTVZ\ErasmusTVZ\obj\Debug\ErasmusTVZ.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\tino\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ErasmusTVZ\ErasmusTVZ\obj\Debug\ErasmusTVZ.dll
c:\users\tino\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ErasmusTVZ\ErasmusTVZ\obj\Debug\ErasmusTVZ.pdb
c:\users\tino\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ErasmusTVZ\ErasmusTVZ\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
C:\Users\Tino\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ErasmusTVZ\ErasmusTVZ\obj\Debug\About.g.cs
C:\Users\Tino\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ErasmusTVZ\ErasmusTVZ\obj\Debug\Settings.g.cs
