c:\users\tino\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\test\test\bin\Windows\Debug\test.exe
c:\users\tino\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\test\test\bin\Windows\Debug\test.pdb
c:\users\tino\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\test\test\bin\Windows\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
c:\users\tino\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\test\test\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
c:\users\tino\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\test\test\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.dll
c:\users\tino\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\test\test\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
c:\users\tino\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\test\test\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
c:\users\tino\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\test\test\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
c:\users\tino\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\test\test\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
c:\users\tino\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\test\test\bin\Windows\Debug\Lidgren.Network.dll
c:\users\tino\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\test\test\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
c:\users\tino\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\test\test\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.dll
c:\users\tino\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\test\test\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
c:\users\tino\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\test\test\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
c:\users\tino\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\test\test\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.xml
c:\users\tino\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\test\test\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
c:\users\tino\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\test\test\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
c:\users\tino\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\test\test\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
c:\users\tino\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\test\test\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
c:\users\tino\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\test\test\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
c:\users\tino\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\test\test\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.xml
c:\users\tino\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\test\test\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.xml
c:\users\tino\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\test\test\obj\x86\Debug\test.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\tino\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\test\test\obj\x86\Debug\test.exe
c:\users\tino\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\test\test\obj\x86\Debug\test.pdb
